have an action with today's date Olga 16
2000 I we're in all right hey we are
live in the backyard been to lpa and
it's August sixteenth 2009 Jason Hill
just left this morning at four o'clock
the morning over here with his
mother-in-law mother mom Marie
bruschetta Leon fire in law and we have
our Coors Light America's finest brew
and we're going to take one a day
bravery for projection I'm glad with
every is the first person we're drinking
with and every doesn't drink beer so
this is a big things matter here Jason
day one hears anyone right now you don't
like beer not bad alrighties me my Apple
the mountains are blue now why don't you
like beer did you go it's all calorie
obviously you don't mind I don't worry
about that as much he does but watch a
little bit about Jason and explain why
we're doing that hey you will just left
for Iraq today my daughter his wife is
going to have their first child and
about eight weeks so we're going to do
countdown so may when he replies
absolutely so this is our mission a very
day Johnny can grab some different
celebrities people i thought i might as
well you are number and here we are a
beer day for Jason and and now when's
the due date for the baby they did ten
cents or as soon as that baby comes out
we can drink beer with Jason's wife
until that went on yeah otherwise she
would be first and she would let you
know
wonderful when did you first meet Jason
about me remember years ago yes been
that long it's been that long he's been
around so long as part of that and where
did they be emotionally Maryland with a
shirt on vacation overdue for the
weekend with one of their friends had a
house down there they just went down the
party and why don't you tell what do you
think about you as the mother-in-law I
love Jason why he's energetic always
happy I'm going to simply almost always
happy always ready your help now do you
remember when Jason first joined the
Marines but yes what was that like but
as dad wasn't happy with it agreed it
was something he needed to go to get a
slice on track and it helped senator
find a way to the fence down please and
you know oh that sound police work but
we're happy with Jason and we're happy
that we're going to start a new family
guy said way into child and no oh my god
they don't know if it's a boy or a girl
yet right no do you have any thoughts
I'm taking point why this Jason he was
right any any thought on the main man
would you make for my hell may seem a
break till now if he doesn't come out of
your many days is it is it bella is a
bit Isabel do that works for me now this
is your first course light ever or
whatever but really a long time very
not so bad course like this will be just
a 1 i'll buy a third disappear but if
you want to 10 b 8 30 for free hey we're
supporting a soldier all right here's
what's going to happen we're going to
found these beers real quick and we're
going to take the first tip because
we're taking the pledge projection and
we can't wait to see jp's i'm home soon
i'm on and hopefully we can get this
through skype and god bless skype to
they offer free internet service we're
going to plug them and we're going to
send us the Cajun over in Iraq lies and
him in all the studies thanks so much
let's go here to you yay everybody with
you yes god bless you Douglas America
every you ready let's go lightweight
ready